[Excel] (ribbon) open task panes from contextual tabs (#2803)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/contextual-tabs.md

> - No more than one task pane can use the shared runtime, so no more than one action of type `ShowTaskpane` can omit the `sourceLocation` property.

```json
`{
  "actions": [
    {
      "id": "openChartsTaskpane",
      "type": "ShowTaskpane"
    },
    {
      "id": "openTablesTaskpane",
      "type": "ShowTaskpane",
      "sourceLocation": "https://MyDomain.com/myPage.html"
    }
  ],
  "tabs": [
    {
      // some tab properties omitted
      "groups": [
        {
          // some group properties omitted
          "controls": [
            {
                "type": "Button",
                "id": "CtxBt112",
                "actionId": "openChartsTaskpane",
                "enabled": false,
                "label": "Open Charts Taskpane",
                // some control properties omitted
            },
            {
                "type": "Button",
                "id": "CtxBt113",
                "actionId": "openTablesTaskpane",
                "enabled": false,
                "label": "Open Tables Taskpane",
                // some control properties omitted
            }          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}`
```

> ## Localizing the JSON blob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Localize the JSON blob
```
I checked the article, and this is the only heading that uses a gerund verb. Suggest changing to align with other headings in the topic.

}
```

## Open a task pane from contextual tabs

To have buttons on a custom contextual tab that open task panes, create an action in the JSON with type `ShowTaskpane` and then define a button whose `actionId` property is set to the `id` of the action. The following is an example. *Note that in this simple example the task pane will automatically open the URL of the shared runtime.* For more information, see [Configure the add-in to use a shared runtime](#configure-the-add-in-to-use-a-shared-runtime) earlier in this article.

```json
`{
  "actions": [
    {
      "id": "openChartsTaskpane",
      "type": "ShowTaskpane"
    }
  ],
  "tabs": [
    {
      // some tab properties omitted
      "groups": [
        {
          // some group properties omitted
          "controls": [
            {
                "type": "Button",
                "id": "CtxBt112",
                "actionId": "openChartsTaskpane",
                "enabled": false,
                "label": "Open Charts Taskpane",
                // some control properties omitted
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}`
```

> In a task pane, to open a page that is at a different URL from the URL of the shared runtime, specify a `sourceLocation` property in the definition of the action. In the following example, a second task pane is opened from a different button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To open any task pane that is not the default task pane, specify a `sourceLocation` property in the definition of the action. In the following example, a second task pane is opened from a different button.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > - When a `sourceLocation` is specified for the action, then the task pane does *not* use the shared runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - When a `sourceLocation` is specified for the action, then the task pane does *not* use the shared runtime. It runs in a new JavaScript runtime.
```

> - No more than one task pane can use the shared runtime, so no more than one action of type `ShowTaskpane` can omit the `sourceLocation` property.

```json
`{
  "actions": [
    {
      "id": "openChartsTaskpane",
      "type": "ShowTaskpane"
    },
    {
      "id": "openTablesTaskpane",
      "type": "ShowTaskpane",
      "sourceLocation": "https://MyDomain.com/myPage.html"
    }
  ],
  "tabs": [
    {
      // some tab properties omitted
      "groups": [
        {
          // some group properties omitted
          "controls": [
            {
                "type": "Button",
                "id": "CtxBt112",
                "actionId": "openChartsTaskpane",
                "enabled": false,
                "label": "Open Charts Taskpane",
                // some control properties omitted
            },
            {
                "type": "Button",
                "id": "CtxBt113",
                "actionId": "openTablesTaskpane",
                "enabled": false,
                "label": "Open Tables Taskpane",
                // some control properties omitted
            }          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}`
```

> 

Reviewer 2: You should also document the `title` and `supportPinning` properties for opening a task pane.
```json
  {
            "id": "showTaskpaneContoso",
            "type": "ShowTaskpane",
            "title": "Contoso task pane",
            "supportPinning": false
          }
```

> ## Localize the JSON blob

Reviewer 2: I think this meant to say JSON. Not a binary large object (BLOB).
```suggestion
## Localize the JSON text
```
